We added our recipe model.
Now let's use it.
So back to the recipe list component here.
I added my recipes every day and now that we created the model we can also find a type for this so we
can add colon to inform typescript that now we will define the type for this property and the title
of the recipe so that we'll use our own model and not just a recipe but an array of recipes which is
indicated by adding square brackets after it.
So now types of nos.
The only thing which will ever get stored in this recipe's property is an array which holds a couple
of recipe object.
Also no such objects that would be a possibility too but certainly not a couple of strings or numbers
but objects like this like you find in our model.
Now to inform typescript where this type is coming from we need to add import.
So I'll import recipe data is what we named it in here light right.
That's our last name so that's what we have to specify between the equally bracers here from.
And now we have to move up one folder.
Since we're in the recipe list folder right now we have to go to the recipes folder because that is
where our recipe model lives.
So now I navigate it up one folder just like with the cd command in your terminal and then it's in the
recipe model file again without the file extension.
So with that we can now use this model.
And now we can manage our array of recipes here.
And let's start with one recipe one Dammy recipe.
So in disarray I will create a new recipe and I can use the new keyword to create a new object based
on their recipe blueprint based on our class.
And now when executing this like a method we're actually calling the constructor.
So now here we need to pass the arguments we're expecting and this constructor so description and image
path.
Now you may choose any data you want your all name it is a test recipe so that will be the title the
name of the recipe then description.
This is simply a test maybe and the image parthe.
Now as I said I'm going to use images from the web.
So we're going to use your l.
Now let's simply search for Image and I will search for recipe.
Let's use google image search on all of them to make sure that I may use whatever I find here.
So let's find a recipe maybe just one here.
Let's see if we take this and deep linking like of course shall be done in a real aptest just for testing
this.
So if we take this image here and paste the POV in here as a string.
Now we should be able to use this later on once we output this so that we are using our own model.
We're using it here in the recipe list component.
Of course we won't be able to see anything for now.
So you see that we should actually do something in the template of the recipe this component here and
right now only outputting my recipe item and I want to loop through all these items and use them to
display my recipes for now what I will do is I will add a bootstrap.
So first of all like dead and in death row I want to add a column with the class Calix as 12 to have
it spent over the full width.
And here I will later add a button or I will at the button do right now but I will later at the functionality
to create a new recipe.
So here I'll simply set up a button with the Crossus button and then button success where I say new
recipe like this.
Now again this will be hooked up later.
So add another Roble Lotus which should now actually hold my list of recipes here.
Again use code Access 12.
You have to span over the full width and keep in mind this will already be nested inside of this empty
five columns.
So it's only dead white to begin with.
But inside this column I want it to span over the full width.
And now here we will later output my recipe items.
For now though let's put the code you will later put into app recipe item into this component here directly.
Because right now we will have no way of getting our recipe data down to the recipe item.
So that's something I will actually do after the next section when we learnt this.
But so did were able to see something.
I will add to code for a single recipe item here into the recipe list directly a single recipe item
should be clickable.
So it's going to be at anchor tag because later once we click it we want to select it.
And here I will then actually assign a number class which will be a list Reu item to make it look like
a list group item in Bootstrap.
Also add clear fix.
Otherwise it will probably look wrong.
And then I'll add a div which will receive the class pull laughs since I want to have this on the left
of this list item in there of H for tag.
Maybe with the recipe name this should receive declasse list group item heading.
Again these are old bootstrap classes I'm using here and there will later output the name of the recipe
so recipe name for now.
We will soon replace those with dynamic contemned below this.
I want to have a paragraph with a class of rest.
Actually list group item text and here we will have a description of the recipe.
And on the other side or add a span with a class of pull right in span.
I want to output my image so here what I'll do is I'll add a class image responsive so that bootstrap
will resize to image automatically for me.
And again all that content will go into the app recipe item component after the next core section.
One more thing I want to set on the image though I want to add my own style.
I'll simply add an inline style you're set the maximum height of that item 250 pixels so that we can
go above that and bootstrap will handle the rest and resize the image appropriately.
So that's my set up for a single item.
Of course feel free to fine tune just to your needs.
Now with that the goal is to replicate this item again and will later put it into its own component
and then fill these spaces here with dynamic data.
This is your challenge.
We got a recipe list component with our recipes array.
The array only holds one item for now you of course are free to add more.
But even with that one item you should be able to replicate this part here as often as need needed to
create one section of this code for each item in this recipe array and then fill name description and
to source attributes your property with the right values for this recipe.
I will do this in the next lecture.
Definitely try doing this on your own first